so guys I am here about to film on the
askgaryvee show
but there's another guest and I'm super
excited to tell you about her name's
Lauren Lauren what do you do so I'm the
creator of the skinny confidential you
guys have to check it out it's a blog
and also a book and we're here today to
talk social media and snapchat which I'm
also big on snapchat and obsessed with
it I love it and my username on there is
a floor network we are here about the
starts of a scary
on this episode indie and I get a ton
and I mean a ton of visitors my name is
Sarah DJ rhymes with blue cheese I'm a
filmmaker photographer a youtuber and
professional internet the first and
foremost I would look for the white
space how it is the variable you've got
to think about your subject matter could
happen including you people came and
they got to see all the stuff you did in
the past there's a vitamin you're good I
bet you Casey probably even looked at
that to make this decision for it yeah
yeah and so I think it's super important
to put yourself in a position where it's
like okay you have the right context
from a viral video but make sure like
are you in a point in your career alive
towards there is a nine person time
really it's two video guys d-roc Stefan
yes - creative director
no Andrew Zacks not over there man
any okay guys India's coming to
Nashville and so we're gonna do an
awesome blog go for it
do it no like I am ready for a question
how do you think Gary's ethos of his
personal brand infiltrates boo that's
good I think there's like a sense of
urgency and really fast like people get
done and it's really good work -
lets go hard and fast and smart
everything they talked about is is how
being a mini R goes to a mini d-roc
interview no d-roc what are you gonna do
you're like people want more of your
face I want less of it so how long does
it take to edit a typical dailyvee
episode what's your here people love
yeah yeah what are you doing a sony a7s
really many don't know you as a person
Wow
I'm back at my friend's apartment after
filming the askgaryvee show it was such
an amazing experience I've been
following Gary's stuff for about a year
after I saw him on a Casey Neistat video
and so to be in that room to be on his
show was just amazing so now it's
Thursday so that means I'm hosting a
video so yeah I gotta get in and edit
cutis catlin world okay guys introduce
yourself
hey I'm Kayla I'm friends with Sara I'm
Kelly
so I met Kayla to wish years against who
is years ago in Greece out of all the
places that were worth 30 like college
age students no one really knew each
other and it was just a party it was
awesome I'll link up the video it was it
was like the best trip ever
yeah and now I'm staying in her NYC
apartment friends from Greece to New
York City and Greece to New York City
hanging out hanging up anything cute is
key in the world buddy